all right how do you get clients when
you don't currently have clients and you
have zero results right so my name is
Daniel Fazio I run client Ascension for
software companies called email wizard
made five million dollars by the time
I'm 25 right I own a bunch of stuff um
then we help marketing agencies and B2B
companies at an additional 10 to 50K I'm
on the profit at client essentials.com
but we're gonna go straight into this
video so this is a classic chicken in
the egg story like which came first the
client or the results for the client and
the answer is that it's the client that
comes first it's the chicken right so in
order you you're you obviously
understand this because you're watching
your video right
so you're smart so in order to get
clients they want to see proof
right so what comes first is the client
not the result in order here's what you
need to be doing right and I'm going to
functionally tell you how to how to get
this done right so get client get
results get client get results that's
how it works right
so before we get into this let me share
some screenshots so this is one of my
boys Xavier
um he's in one of my communities and he
decided to spin up a short form content
agency so breakdown of how you sound his
first client found a dating coach made
five shorts of his existing long form
sent him a short every other day until
he responded got the email and sent him
a personalized Loom sent two proposals
one full package another repurposed
email back and forth how the process
went
sent the invoice and paid
now
eight days later he goes posted first
client results 700 000 views
and additionally
got my first book called through my
landing page right so let me break this
down here for you
let me break this down
so in image one you see it's very
difficult to sign client it takes a
considerable a considerable amount of
effort
in image two you see that for him it was
easy to get the second client or at
least the call booked
so in the beginning it was very hard
and in the end it was very easy
so you see that Gap what closed that Gap
and the answer was this this
specifically right here the 700 000
views if you don't deliver
client results it will always be hard to
get clients this is what so many people
do not functionally understand it is
extremely difficult to get your first
client because you don't have results
but when you finally get that client and
you don't give them results it's always
going to be the most difficult it can be
for the rest of your life
so so many of you guys want to sign all
of the clients and make all of the money
but deliver zero of the results and it
always makes your life on maximum
difficulty always
right
so it was extremely hard to sign the
first one extremely easy to sign the
second and what decreased the difficulty
was the acquisition of results
this right here
is the only reason
it's easy
it becomes easy
right every additional client should be
easier and easier to obtain if you get
good results for your clients this is
the primary issue with a lot of you guys
running businesses and it's like it's
the reason it's the reason why so many
things get screwed up in marketing right
so like you're you probably want to run
a sustainable business that doesn't scam
people
right so you have to do the results it's
all those other people who don't care
about the client resource that screw
everything up for you
but if you just do a really good job you
put in a lot a lot of hard actual
extreme concerted effort to get good at
the service you're selling and get your
clients results I promise it's gonna
work out for you I promise it will work
out in the long run and you will build a
very profitable business right so that's
what you need to focus on
so so many people are not good at what
they do so let me give you some for
instances you're trying to sell email
marketing and you're not even good at
email marketing nor do you even run your
own email list
you were trying to sell short form
content but you don't even drive views
and you don't even post short form
content yourself
you're trying to sell cold email lead
generation but you can't even sign
clients using cold email yourself
how do you expect another human to give
you money for something when you don't
even do it yourself
nor do you even get results for
you need to de-risk for clients and this
is where a lot of people go wrong
they're they're focusing way on the
upside and they're not de-risking right
it hurts more to lose 100 than it feels
good to gain 100 dollars
so you need to take the risk away from
people and you can de-risk in two ways
one is by guarantee either a money back
guarantee or a performance basis or by
perception
and that is either results from yourself
or results from clients social proof or
internal proof like you do it already
yourself
right
so if you sit here and you're you're
you're teaching people hey here's how to
get a hundred thousand followers on tick
tock
and you have a hundred thousand
followers on Tick Tock it's pretty
[__] apparent that you are the person
capable of getting a hundred thousand
followers on Tick Tock it's pretty
apparent regardless if you did it for
another human or not
so
all of you have one free client that
requires zero dollars and zero effort to
sign yourself
and you're not even doing it you're
trying to sell all these services and
you're not even doing it yourself
you're just trying to automatically sell
it to another person if
like you're out here trying to sell
short form content talking about are you
interested in growing your business with
short form content are you
you don't even do it like are you
interested in growing your business with
short form content because it appears as
if you're not like why is someone gonna
sit here and be like oh yeah I'll work
with you to build my business with short
form content even though you're
personally not using short form content
like even you aren't confident enough in
your ability to grow a business with
short form content to the point that you
don't even do this [__] yourself it's
incredible like really sit there and
think like step back into the third
person and really look at yourself and
be and just it's so obvious like [__]
obviously you should be doing short form
content yourself if you're selling short
form content like it's very clear
right so there's four things that are
going to get people to buy over time
right so it's claims proof competency
and con consistency so we're gonna go
through each of these
so claims you fill the Gap you take
somebody from current state to end state
so a lot of what you guys are doing is
you're trying to sell short form content
or you're trying to sell email marketing
you're not selling short form content or
selling email marketing you're selling
fifty thousand dollars of sales the next
60 days or you don't pay like you're
selling the Gap like the current state
they don't have clients or they're
working too much or whatever the [__]
the end state is they have a lot of
money or like the business is automated
and your service is the gap between
those so you sell the end State not the
mechanism
right so quantifiable promise end result
without objection so here's some
examples I will close fifty thousand
dollars in new business using your email
list in the next 60 days without running
fake scarcity discount to promos or
hype.brand hyped up off-brand emails
that's fire so I will script edit and
produce your next eight YouTube videos
and guarantee they get three times more
views without hopping on hype trains or
breaking terms of service or you don't
pay that's good right quantifiable
promise end result without a specific
objection that they that that they have
right easy all right proof this is how
you convert the next subsection to
people
the next subsection of the population
otherwise people who want proof that you
are in fact able to deliver the results
so if you just have a claim like some
small percent of the population will buy
just off the claim without any evidence
the next subsection of the population is
more logical and they require proof so
these are all the ways by which you can
do this interview with the client like
if you have a client having them explain
the results they achieved with you
screenshots of the client's results or
or your results those are completely
fine right selfie testimonial videos
from clients explaining the results they
achieved or independent case study
walkthroughs where it's kind of like a
loom you just explained your process
about you went from current state to end
State it's very important that you
understand that it's show every every
single form of social proof should
present a current state and then
something was executed and it resulted
in an end State it's a story right
current state Gap and state and then you
are the Gap like you you are you are the
thing that gets them to the end state or
yourself to the end state right so
now a further subsection of the
population will not just want to see
proof that you have delivered the result
but will want further evidence that
certifies in in their head that you are
in fact a master so this hits the next
most logical
of the of the people in in existence so
they want to they want you to
they want to see you prove your
competency
they want to see that you are
indisputably a master and you very much
do in fact know what you're talking
about right and this is where the
following forms of content come in
explainer videos teach stories walk
through videos like you just explaining
your processes right because what
happens in B to B if you don't know what
B to b means it means it means business
to business or you're selling like a
marketing agency or or [__] like that
you're selling to other businesses it's
B2B so what happens with B2B is these
people are busy
so if you show them all the sauce they
might like sit here and try to execute
it themselves but I don't have time for
this I'm I'm just gonna use this guy to
just accelerate results that's what
happens in B2B
however what happens in B to C is if you
do like walkthroughs and and whatnot
like that they're just poor so just do
it themselves so
um giving value is actually is actually
extremely effective in B2B because
they'll try it themselves and they're
like I don't feel like doing this I'm
just gonna hire this guy
um consistency so this is where you hit
the next subsection of the population
people who are not ready to buy right
now which is actually 99 of all people
so this is like a functional rework of
your mind that you need to understand
not everyone is ready to buy your things
so you have to stop getting emotional
that when you're reaching out to people
or people are coming into your funnel
they're not purchasing right away it has
nothing to do with your offer and it has
everything to do with the fact that
their [__] grandma just died someone
just someone just quit their girlfriend
broke up with them
um just random [__] Bro there's just
stuff going on in people like everyone
isn't ready to buy right now so this is
the concept of a conversion window
people come into your funnel and there's
an average amount of time with which
their conversion elapses like how long
does it take right
so every single person on the planet is
not ready to purchase something from you
right now
um consistency the concept of
consistency is where you permanently
associate yourself with your thing so
like for instance if you've been talking
about making Tick Tock social funnels
for a year straight on YouTube Tick Tock
and Twitter all the people who have been
consistently watching your content will
begin to permanently associate the
concept of social funnels with you right
and when their conversion window elapses
it will likely be with guess what you
that's how this works so I have an
account on Twitter cold email wizard 116
000 followers code email wizard right so
it's pretty apparent people think of
code email wizard I'm gonna take a cold
email right I can think of all all the
different kinds of people I hear Google
ads I think of someone I think I hear
SEO I think of someone it's permanent
Association from existing so long right
so action steps here's what you do now
you can download this document at the
link in the description subscribe to
this video like the video go to client
ascension.com which is also in the
description if you want to add 10 to 50
000 per month of profit to your
marketing agency or B2B business and if
it doesn't work you don't pay love you
goodbye
foreign